Hope you have an afternoon as lovely as you are
Good afternoon! Do not say that victory is lost if it is from battles that one lives life.
Never stop believing in hope because miracles happen every day. Good Afternoon
Life is a magic. The beauty of life is the next second. E njoy this afternoon.
God may my will and Yours coincide if not that he will prevail. Good afternoon
The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.
Never drink black coffee at lunch; it will keep you awake all afternoon. 
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon
The self-confidence of a person multiplies their powers a hundredfold. Good Afternoon!
Leave me a smile just warm enough to spend a million golden afternoons in
Your dream doesn’t have an expiration date. Take a deep breath and try again this afternoon.
Good afternoon does not listen to negative people. Join someone who sees life with good eyes.
God renamed made yesterday afternoon the name made light of night Moon. ― Good Afternoon!
A great day to start with gratefulness, positive thoughts and planning to make it right. Good Afternoon!
Today my kiss goes to you beautiful person that even so far always makes itself present. Good Afternoon
If I had a free afternoon, I would play music, sit in my backyard, and drink coffee
The biggest motivation is your own thoughts, so think big and motivate yourself to win. Good Afternoon!
Just as we can learn from our mistakes we can gain character from our disappointments. Good Afternoon!
I’m never any good in the morning. It is only after four in the afternoon that I get going.
If we grow with the hard blows of life we can also grow with the soft touches of the soul. Good Afternoon!
So not persecuted by the night could not sleep we wake up to ask the cause of ruddy eyes Logged afternoon.
Change one coordinate in your spiritual compass and you change your entire life’s direction. Good Afternoon!
What’ll we do with ourselves this afternoon? And the day after that, and the next thirty years?
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best. Good Afternoon
Afternoons are hard. Mornings are pure evil from the pits of hell, which is why I don’t do them anymore
Pleasant friendship is like the breathing air You will never see it But you will always feel its presence. Good Afternoon.
Do so tormented not the night could not sleep we wake up to ask the cause of ruddy eyes, people. Good Afternoon!
Success is never permanent, failure is never complete The important thing is the courage to fight. Good Afternoon
Victory is not the property of brilliants It is the crown for those who bow themselves in front of hard work & confidence.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. Good Afternoon!
My thoughts, it is my freedom, my love, it is my loyalty, to the people who are part of my life and my story! Good Afternoon!
Well, there’s nothing better than putting your feet up on a Sunday afternoon and grabbing a good book.
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live.
Every experience, No matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it.
The biggest motivation is your own thoughts, so take time every afternoon to think big and motivate yourself to win.
I wish your afternoon to be beautiful, that the sun shines in your heart, that there be joy in your eyes and peace in your walk.
Life’s deepest feelings are often expressed in silence And the one who can read volumes from our silence is your true companion.
Afternoon reminds me of the love you bring. The love never leaves me. This was the song you used to sing that never leaves me!
When I enjoy a refreshing afternoon with a deep blue sky over my head and a relaxing wind around me, I am really missing you.
Life is a magic. The beauty of life is the next second. I wish every second will be beautiful in your life this afternoon. Good Afternoon.
This bright afternoon always reminds me of how you brighten my life with all the happiness. I miss you so much. Have a good day!
Life is a magic. The beauty of life is the next second. I wish every second will be beautiful in your life this afternoon.
Its 12 noon and the sun coming to show its fullest power. As the season is summer take precautions before going out
A smile is the lighting system of the face, Cooling system of head and Healing system of heart So keep smiling all day. Good Afternoon!
Where there is faith there is love. Where there is love there is peace Where there is God there is nothing lacking Have a good Afternoon.
Don’t let little things get you down. You’ve got many big reasons to look u to God and say thanks. It’s going to be a great day.
The great thing a little lamp can do which the big sun cannot do is it gives light at night No one is superior by size but by purpose. Good Afternoon!

























